Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager UI 1024.0.1 (#4234)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1024-1-0-convert-asset-models-to-generic-asset-models.md

---
date: ""

> title: "Convert asset models to generic asset models"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Asset models can now be converted into generic asset models"
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-2c7RdTdXo4"
      label: "Improvement"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-2449"
version: "1024.1.0"
---

> DTM now supports converting asset models into generic asset models. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Digital Twin Manager now supports converting asset models into generic asset models. This
```
